SO I TOLD CARL
NOBODY, NO MATTER HOW FAMOUS
THEIR PARENTS ARE
NOBODY'S ALLOWED
TO CLIMB ON THE DINOSAUR.
BUT OF COURSE...
Rachel:
I LOVE HOW HE CARES SO MUCH
ABOUT STUFF.
IF I SQUINT,
I CAN PRETEND HE'S ALAN ALDA.
OH, GOOD.
ANOTHER DINOSAUR STORY.
WHEN ARE THOSE
GOING TO BECOME EXTINCT?
IF I WAS A SUPERHERO
WHO COULD FLY AND BE INVISIBLE
THAT WOULD BE THE BEST.
WHAT DOES RACHEL SEE
IN THIS GUY?
I LOVE RACHEL.
I WISH SHE WAS MY WIFE.
( humming "The Elephant Walk" )
WHO'S SINGING?
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY, WHEN YOU GUYS
WERE KIDS
AND YOU PLAYED HAPPY DAYS,
WHO WERE YOU?
I WAS ALWAYS RICHIE.
I WAS ALWAYS JOANIE.
QUESTION.
WAS "EGG THE GELLERS!"
THE WAR CRY
OF YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD?
Phoebe:
EW! EW!
IT'S THE MATTRESS KING.
DON'T LOOK, HONEY.
CHANGE THE CHANNEL.
I WANT TO SEE THIS.
AFTER I DIVORCE HIM,
HALF OF THAT KINGDOM
WILL BE MINE.
Despair fills
the mattress showroom.
My kingdom is suddenly
without a queen.
I'm so depressed,
I'm going to slash...
my prices!
Check it out!
$599 for a Comfort King!
$499 for a pillow top queen set!
I'm going Medieval on prices!
WHAT A WANK.
OH, I CANNOT BELIEVE
HE'S USING OUR DIVORCE
TO SELL MATTRESSES.
I KNOW. AT $499
FOR A PILLOW TOP QUEEN SET
WHO CARES ABOUT
THE DIVORCE?
THOSE BABIES
WILL SELL THEMSELVES.
...always gives you a 30-day
money-back guarantee...
I'M APPALLED FOR YOU,
BY THE WAY.
You'll be glad you did.
I'm close. I'm cheap.
I'm the king.
OKAY. OKAY, DADDY.
WE'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW NIGHT.
OKAY, BYE-BYE.
"WE"?
...ARE, UH, HAVING DINNER
WITH MY DAD TOMORROW NIGHT.
I HOPE THAT'S OKAY.
OH, SHOOT.
TOMORROW'S NOT SO GOOD.
I'M SUPPOSED TO FALL OFF
THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING
AND LAND ON A BICYCLE
WITH NO SEAT, SO...
ROSS,
MY FATHER DOESN'T HATE YOU.
PLEASE.
HE REFERS TO ME
AS "WET HEAD."
BUT, HONEY, HE CALLS
EVERYBODY BY A NICKNAME.
OKAY, LOOK,
JUST ONE DINNER.
PLEASE, ONE NIGHT FOR ME.
I JUST WANT HIM
TO LOVE YOU LIKE I DO.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, NOT EXACTLY LIKE I DO.
BUT, IF YOU DO
COME TO DINNER
I'D LOVE YOU LIKE I DO
IN THAT BLACK THING
THAT YOU LIKE.
( chuckles )
I'LL GO.
FINE.
THANK YOU.
HI, GUNTHER.
YEAH. WE'LL SEE.
HEY, YOU GUYS.
HEY.
GUESS WHAT?
I GOT A GIG.
I CAN NEVER BE AN ACTOR.
I CAN'T SAY "GIG."
I CAN'T SAY "CROISSANT."
OH, MY GOD!
WHAT'S THE PART?
IT'S NOT A PART.
NO. I'M TEACHING ACTING
FOR SOAP OPERAS
DOWN AT
THE LEARNING EXTENSION.
THAT'S GREAT.
IT'S LIKE MY CHANCE
TO GIVE SOMETHING BACK
TO THE ACTING COMMUNITY.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE PROBABLY
NOT ALLOWED TO SLEEP
WITH ANY
OF YOUR STUDENTS.
I KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW, MONICA.
IT FEELS FUNNY
JUST BEING HERE.
I MEAN, IF YOU BUY A BED
FROM JANICE'S EX-HUSBAND
THAT'S LIKE
BETRAYING CHANDLER.
NOT AT THESE PRICES.
HI.
IN ENGLAND, THIS CAR WOULD BE
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STORE.
WHOOSH!
OHH... OHH...
PHOEBE, COME HERE.
OHH. THIS
IS MY NEW BED.
YOU GOT TO FEEL
THIS BAD BOY.
MONICA, IT STILL FEELS
SO WEIRD, YOU KNOW.
CHANDLER'S YOUR FRIEND.
( gasps )
OH, MY GOD!
OHH.
ALL RIGHT,
TAKE THIS BED.
YOU CAN MAKE
OTHER FRIENDS.
GOOD EVENING.
I AM MR. TRIBBIANI...
AND I WILL BE TEACHING
ACTING FOR SOAP OPERAS.
NOW, UM...
ON MY FIRST DAY
AS DR. DRAKE RAMORAY
ON DAYS OF OUR LIVES...
UH, I LEARNED THAT ONE
OF THE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS
IN SOAP OPERA ACTING
IS REACTING.
THIS DOES NOT MEAN ACTING AGAIN.
IT MEANS
YOU DON'T
HAVE A LINE,
BUT SOMEONE ELSE DID
AND IT GOES SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
( clears throat )
( gasps )
THANKS. THANKS.
THANKS A LOT.
OH, BEFORE I FORGET,
TO WORK IN SOAP OPERAS
SOME OF YOU WILL HAVE TO BECOME
MUCH MORE ATTRACTIVE.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING RIGHT ALONG...
HI.
HEY.
OOH! HOW WAS TEACHING
LAST NIGHT?
GREAT! YOU GET
TO SAY STUFF LIKE
"HEY, THE BELL DOESN'T
DISMISS YOU.
I DISMISS YOU."
OHH. NICE.
OH, GUESS WHAT?
I GOT AN AUDITION
FOR ALL MY CHILDREN.
OH, YAY!
IT'S THIS
GREAT PART.
THIS BOXER NAMED NICK.
I'M SO, SO RIGHT FOR IT.
HE'S JUST LIKE ME,
EXCEPT HE'S A BOXER
AND HE HAS AN EVIL TWIN.
( banging on door )
OH!
♪ DUM-TA-DA-DUM ♪
HEAR YE, HEAR YE.
DELIVERY FROM
THE MATTRESS KING.
YOU MISS GELLER?
OKAY.
SIGN HERE.
OOH. DO I HAVE
A MIDDLE NAME?
ALL RIGHT. MONICA FALOOLA...
GELLER.
IT'S THAT BEDROOM THERE.
HEY, MONICA BOUGHT A BED
FROM THE MATTRESS KING?
YEAH. SO, PLEASE, PLEASE
PLEASE DON'T SAY
ANYTHING TO CHANDLER.
YOU WANT ME TO LIE
TO CHANDLER?
IS THAT A PROBLEM?
NO.
OH, HEY, HEY,
NICK THE BOXER.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
PUT THEM UP, COME ON.
HEY...
YOU'RE PRETTY GOOD.
I HAD TO LEARN.
I WAS STAYING AT THE "Y."
SOME OF THE MEN
WEREN'T ACTING CHRISTIAN.
OH.
HEY, NOW. HEY!
OW!
AND I'M BLEEDING.
OKAY, GREAT.
WOW! AND I'M
A VEGETARIAN.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, I'M SORRY.
WE'LL PUT SOME ICE ON IT.
PUT YOUR HEAD BACK.
ALL RIGHT.
I CAN'T SEE.
I HAVE YOU.
OH, GOD.
Delivery man:
WHICH BEDROOM DO YOU
WANT IT IN?
THE COMPULSIVELY
NEAT ONE
BY THE WINDOW, OKAY?
GOTCHA.
HI, DADDY.
THIS IS WHERE THEY PUT US?
WHAT? THERE WAS NO TABLE
AVAILABLE IN THE KITCHEN?
OH. HI, DADDY.
HELLO, BABY.
YOU REMEMBER ROSS?
NICE TO SEE YOU,
DR. GREEN.
SO!
HOW'S THE LIBRARY?
UH, MUSEUM.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE LIBRARY?
THERE NEVER WAS A LIBRARY.
I MEAN, THERE ARE LIBRARIES.
UM... I'VE NEVER WORKED AT ONE.
YOU KNOW
WHAT'S REALLY GOOD HERE?
THE LOBSTER.
SHALL I JUST ORDER THREE?
YEAH, IF YOU'RE REALLY HUNGRY.
IT WAS A JO... I MADE A JOKE.
YEAH. ACTUALLY, DADDY...
ROSS IS ALLERGIC
TO LOBSTER.
WHAT KIND OF PERSON'S
ALLERGIC TO LOBSTER?
THE KIND OF PERSON
THAT WORKS
IN A LIBRARY.
IT'S NOT A LI...
I KNOW. IT'S A MUSEUM.
YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN MAKE A JOKE?
UHH... WAITER.
WE WILL HAVE TWO LOBSTERS
AND A MENU.
SO, DR. GREEN,
HOW'S THE OLD BOAT?
THEY FOUND RUST.
YOU KNOW WHAT
RUST DOES TO A BOAT?
GIVES IT A NICE, ANTIQUE-Y LOOK?
RUST IS BOAT
CANCER, ROSS.
WELL, I'M SORRY.
WHEN I WAS A KID,
I LOST A BIKE TO THAT.
I WANT TO SAY GOOD NIGHT
TO THE LEVINES BEFORE WE GO.
OKAY.
HONEY, STOP.
IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
YEAH.
UH-OH.
I THINK YOUR DAD
MUST HAVE ADDED WRONG.
HE ONLY TIPPED, LIKE,
FOUR PERCENT.
YEAH. THAT'S DADDY.
THAT'S DADDY?
DOESN'T IT BOTHER YOU?
YOU'RE A WAITRESS.
YES. IT BOTHERS ME, ROSS
BUT, YOU KNOW,
IF HE WAS A REGULAR
AT THE COFFEE HOUSE,
I'D BE SERVING HIM "SNEEZERS."
SO?
SO, ROSS
I BUGGED HIM A MILLION TIMES.
HE WON'T CHANGE.
DO YOU REALLY
SERVE PEOPLE "SNEEZERS"?
WELL, UM, I DON'T.
ALL RIGHT, KIDS
YOU READY?
THANKS AGAIN,
DR. GREEN.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
I THINK I FORGOT MY RECEIPT...
YOU DON'T NEED THAT.
WHY NOT?
THE CARBON-- IT'S MESSY.
I MEAN, GETS ON
YOUR FINGERS
AND CAUSES THE, THE...
NIGHT BLINDNESS.
WHAT IS THIS?
WHO PUT A 20 THERE?
HUH?
OH, THAT WOULD BE ME.
UM, I HAVE A PROBLEM.
I TIP WAY TOO MUCH.
IT'S A SICKNESS, REALLY.
YEAH. IT IS.
'CAUSE WE REALLY
HAVE TO DO...
EXCUSE ME.
YOU THINK I'M CHEAP?
OH, DADDY, HE DIDN'T MEAN...
HUH?
HE REALLY DIDN'T.
NOTHING I DO
MEANS ANYTHING, REALLY.
THIS IS NICE.
I PAY $200 FOR DINNER,
YOU PUT DOWN 20
AND YOU COME OUT
LOOKING LIKE MR. BIG SHOT.
YOU REALLY WANT TO BE
MR. BIG SHOT?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
YOU PAY THE WHOLE BILL,
MR. BIG SHOT.
WELL, "MR. BIG SHOT"
IS BETTER THAN "WET HEAD."
OKAY. SOME TRICKS OF THE TRADE.
NOW, I'VE NEVER BEEN ABLE
TO CRY AS AN ACTOR.
SO, IF I'M IN A SCENE
WHERE I HAVE TO CRY
I CUT A HOLE IN MY POCKET,
TAKE A PAIR OF TWEEZERS...
AND JUST START PULLING.
OKAY?
OR, UH, LET'S SAY
I WANT TO CONVEY
THAT I'VE JUST DONE
SOMETHING EVIL.
THAT WOULD BE YOUR BASIC
"I'VE GOT A FISHHOOK
IN MY EYEBROW"
AND I, LIKE...
HMM? OKAY.
LET'S SAY
I'VE JUST GOTTEN BAD NEWS.
WELL, ALL I DO THERE
IS TRY AND DIVIDE 232 BY 13.
AND THAT'S HOW IT'S DONE.
GREAT SOAP OPERA ACTING TONIGHT,
EVERYBODY.
CLASS DISMISSED.
HEY, MR. TRIB.
GUESS WHAT?
I GOT AN AUDITION!
OH. ONE OF MY STUDENTS
GOT AN AUDITION.
I'M SO PROUD.
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU WOULD CONSIDER
COACHING ME FOR IT?
YOU BET.
WHAT'S THE PART?
OH, IT'S GREAT.
IT'S A ROLE IN ALL MY CHILDREN.
NICK THE BOXER.
YOU COULDN'T JUST
LEAVE IT ALONE.
FOUR PERCENT, OKAY?
I TIP MORE THAN THAT
WHEN THERE'S
A BUG IN MY FOOD.
ROSS, TONIGHT WAS ABOUT
THE TWO OF YOU GETTING ALONG.
( groaning )
WOULD YOU SEE MY CHIROPRACTOR?
YEAH, I'M GOING
TO GO TO A DOCTOR
WHO WENT TO MEDICAL SCHOOL
IN A MINI-MALL.
HEY, PHEEBS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I... I'M FREAKING OUT.
MONICA KIND OF TRUSTED
ME WITH SOMETHING
AND SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE.
I HAVEN'T LIVED HERE IN A WHILE,
SO I HAVE TO ASK.
DOES MONICA STILL TURN
THE LIGHTS ON IN HER BEDROOM?
YEAH.
I AM SO DEAD.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK, HERE'S
THE BOTTOM LINE, ROSS.
THIS IS FIXABLE IF
WE ACT FAST, OKAY?
I'LL INVITE HIM TO BRUNCH
AND YOU CAN MAKE NICE.
LOOK, HONEY, I HAVE
TRIED TO MAKE NICE.
IT DOESN'T WORK.
LOOK, I REALIZE
THAT MY FATHER IS DIFFICULT
BUT THAT'S WHY
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE
THE BIGGER MAN HERE.
LOOK, SWEETIE, I COULD
BE THE BIGGER MAN.
I COULD BE
THE BIGGEST MAN.
I COULD BE A GIANT MAN.
IT WOULDN'T MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE
EXCEPT THAT I COULD
PICK YOUR FATHER UP
AND SAY, "LIKE ME, TINY DOCTOR."
OKAY, WELL,
CAN'T YOU JUST TRY IT
ONE MORE TIME, ROSS?
FOR ME. FOR ME.
RACHEL, ONE BRUNCH IS NOT
GOING TO SOLVE ANYTHING.
YOU'VE GOT TO FACE IT,
WE'LL NEVER GET ALONG.
YOU HAVE TO,
BECAUSE I'VE ALREADY GOT
A MOTHER AND A FATHER
WHO CANNOT STAY
IN THE SAME ROOM TOGETHER.
I DON'T WANT A SEPARATE
ROOM FOR YOU TOO.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
I'LL GET THE BAGELS.
WHAT'S THIS?
ISN'T IT COOL?
VROOM! VROOM!
THIS IS NOT THE BED I ORDERED.
I KNOW. YOU MUST HAVE WON
A CONTEST OR SOMETHING.
( imitating racing engine )
PHOEBE.
( imitating braking )
WHY IS THIS CAR IN MY BEDROOM?
I'M SORRY, OKAY?
I WASN'T LOOKING
AND THE STORE SAID
THEY WON'T TAKE IT BACK
BECAUSE YOU SIGNED FOR IT.
WHEN DID I SIGN FOR IT?
WHEN I WAS YOU.
IT'S ALL JOEY'S FAULT
BECAUSE HE LEFT HIS NOSE OPEN.
DID YOU MAKE BROWNIES TODAY?
Chandler:
KNOCK, KNOCK.
QUICK, TAKE OFF YOUR DRESS.
HE WON'T NOTICE THE BED.
HEY, I'M GOING
FOR SUSHI.
DOES ANYBODY WANT, UH...
( chuckling )
WHOA, SOMEBODY
MISSED THE OFF RAMP.
IT'S MONICA'S BED.
WHAT?
OKAY.
IT'S A RACE CAR.
SO, THIS HAS ALWAYS
BEEN MONICA'S BED.
YOU'RE JUST NOTICING NOW?
HOW SELF-INVOLVED ARE YOU?
OKAY, WELL,
IF THIS BED ISN'T NEW
THEN HOW COME THERE'S PLASTIC
ON THE MATTRESS?
SOMETIMES, I HAVE BAD DREAMS.
LOOK...
I JUST SAW MY BEST
FRIEND'S BRAINS
SMEARED ACROSS THE CANVAS.
IT'S NOT GOING TO BE ME.
NOT ME.
( shuddering gasp )
WOW.
THAT... THAT... THAT WAS GOOD.
THAT WAS...
TWEEZERS?
NO.
OH, WOW.
THAT WAS REALLY GOOD.
THANKS.
ANY SUGGESTIONS?
HMM, I...
YOU TOLD HIM
TO PLAY THE BOXER GAY?!
WELL, I-I MIGHT HAVE SAID
"SUPER GAY."
YOU TOTALLY SCREWED HIM OVER.
JOEY, YOU'RE
THIS GUY'S TEACHER.
HOW COULD YOU DO THIS?
BECAUSE, MONICA,
THE GUY'S SO GOOD
AND I REALLY, REALLY
WANT THIS PART.
WELL, IF YOU REALLY, REALLY
WANT IT, THEN IT'S OKAY.
HI, DADDY.
BABY.
ROSS.
DR. GREEN,
HOW ARE YOU?
THANKS FOR DINNER
LAST NIGHT.
THANK YOU FOR TEACHING ME
A VALUABLE LESSON.
NICE HAIR.
WHAT DID YOU DO,
SWIM HERE?
OKAY, THAT'S IT.
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
WHAT? HE'S INTERESTED IN YOU.
HE LIKES YOUR HAIR AND HE JUST
WANTS TO KNOW HOW YOU GOT HERE.
SWEETIE,
IT'S HOPELESS, OKAY?
I'M JUST GOING TO GO.
WHAT? ROSS...
LOOK, I'M SORRY. IT'S JUST...
ROSS, WHAT'S WITH THE NECK?
HE'S GOT THIS THING.
I TELL HIM TO GO
TO MY CHIROPRACTOR.
YOU'RE STILL GOING
TO THAT CHIROPRACTOR?
THAT MAN COULDN'T GET INTO MED
SCHOOL IN IXTAPA.
YEAH, THANK YOU.
THAT'S WHAT I KEEP SAYING.
EXCUSE ME. DR. BOBBY HAPPENS
TO BE AN EXCELLENT DOCTOR.
WAIT A MINUTE.
HIS NAME IS DR. BOBBY?
WELL, THAT'S HIS LAST NAME.
AND HIS FIRST NAME.
HE'S BOBBY BOBBY?
( clearing throat )
IT'S ROBERT BOBBY.
OH-HO.
AND UM, EXCUSE ME.
HE HELPS ME.
OH, PLEASE.
ASK HER HOW.
WHAT DO YOU NEED HELP FOR?
MY ALIGNMENT. I'VE GOT
ONE LEG SHORTER THAN THE OTHER.
OH, MY GOD.
YEAH. ARGUE WITH THAT.
IT'S TRUE. MY RIGHT LEG
IS TWO INCHES SHORTER.
COME ON, YOU'RE JUST TILTING.
HER LEGS ARE FINE.
I KNOW THAT.
WHY LET HER GO
TO A CHIROPRACTOR?
I'M SORRY. "LET HER"?
SHE DOESN'T LISTEN TO ME ABOUT
RENTER'S INSURANCE, EITHER.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU DON'T HAVE
RENTER'S INSURANCE?
NO.
WELL, WHAT IF SOMEBODY
STEALS SOMETHING?
HOW YOU GOING
TO RUN AFTER THEM WITH
ONE LEG SHORTER
THAN THE OTHER?
( laughing )
HEY, WOULD YOU, UH,
LIKE SOME JUICE?
I'D LOVE SOME JUICE,
THANK YOU.
OKAY.
WOW. THIS IS GOING SO WELL.
DID YOU SEE US?
YEAH, HONEY, I WAS
STANDING RIGHT THERE.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
TELL HIM ABOUT THE MOLE
I HAVEN'T
GOTTEN CHECKED YET?
EXCELLENT.
THERE WILL COME A TIME
IN EACH OF YOUR CAREERS
WHEN YOU'LL HAVE A CHANCE
TO SCREW OVER
ANOTHER SOAP OPERA ACTOR.
I HAD SUCH AN OPPORTUNITY
IN THE RECENT PRESENT.
AND I'M ASHAMED TO SAY
THAT I TOOK IT.
I ADVISED A FELLOW ACTOR
TO PLAY A ROLE...
HOMOSEXUALLY.
YEAH.
WE BOTH AUDITIONED FOR THE PART
AND, UH... AS IT TURNED OUT...
THEY, UH...
( voice breaking ):
THEY LIKED THE STUPID GAY THING
AND CAST HIM.
AND NOW...
HE'S GOT A TWO YEAR CONTRACT
OPPOSITE...
SUSAN LUCCI, THE FIRST LADY
OF DAYTIME TELEVISION.
AND ME...
ME, I'M STUCK HERE TEACHING
A BUNCH OF PEOPLE
MOST OF WHOM ARE TOO UGLY
TO EVEN BE ON TV.
I'M SORRY. I'M SORRY. I'M SORRY.
THANK YOU.
Man:
MAY I HELP YOU?
WE SPOKE ON THE PHONE.
I'M THE LADY WHO GOT STUCK
WITH THE RACE CAR BED.
LOOK, IT'S LIKE I TOLD YOU.
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO.
YOU SIGNED FOR IT.
"MONICA FALOOLA GELLER."
ALL RIGHT, JESTER MAN,
WE WANT TO SEE THE KING.
NOBODY SEES THE KING.
OKAY, I'M TALKING
TO THE KING.
HEY, YOU CAN'T
GO BACK THERE.
OHH... MY... GOD.
( imitates racing engine )
HEY! WATCH IT, LADY!
( imitates braking )
HEY, HEY, GOOD-LOOKIN'.
( toy horn honking )
( imitates racing engine )
ALL RIGHT, I'LL LEAVE.
MY BED'S SO BORING.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]